No release containers anymore (#6938)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.0.0-rc3]

[6.0.0-rc3]: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-6.0.0-rc3

### Removed

> - GHCR containers are no longer published from 6.0.0-rc3 onwards. Use RPM packages instead (#6938).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reference containers are no longer published to GHCR from 6.0.0-rc3 onwards. Azure Linux base images and RPM packages are recommended instead (#6938).
```
